DOCS-7400 Added Use Cases to Kafka (#725)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/kafka-connector-design-center.adoc

> = Use Flow Designer to Configure Apache Kafka Connector - Mule 4

Reviewer: SUCH a better title!  :-)

Reviewer: GLOBALLY, after you establish that Kafka is Apache Kafka once per topic, you can use just "Kafka." But it is perfectly OK to use the full name, too!

. Click *Create*.
. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*.
. Click the name of the trigger card.

> . If you are using the Anypoint Connector for Apache Kafka (Apache Kafka Connector) as a trigger, search for the connector; otherwise, search for HTTP or Scheduler.

Reviewer: Search for these terms ( `` ) or search for these things (the HTTP or Scheduler <what?>)

. Select the source. +

> Apache Kafka Connector provides the *Batch message listener* and *Message listener* as sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Kafka Connector provides *Batch message listener* and *Message listener* as sources.
```

> . To configure the *Consumer*, set the field values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To configure *Consumer*, set the field values:
```

** AUTO
** MANUAL
** IMMEDIATE

> ** DUPS_OK a|  Defines the way that the Apache Kafka broker instance is notified of the consumption of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DUPS_OK a|  Defines the way that the Apache Kafka broker instance is notified of message consumption.
```

[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Bootstrap Server URLs a| Array of String |  The list of servers to bootstrap the connection with the Apache Kafka cluster. This can be a partial list of the available servers. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bootstrap Server URLs a| Array of String |  The list of servers to use to bootstrap the connection with the Apache Kafka cluster. This can be a partial list of the available servers. |  | x
```

> | Group ID a| String |  Default group ID for all the Apache Kafka consumers that use this configuration. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Group ID a| String |  Default group ID for all Apache Kafka consumers that use this configuration. |  |
```

** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Determines the time unit for request timeout scalar. This parameter can be overridden at the source level. | `SECONDS` |

> | Default Record Limit a| Number |  The maximum number of records returned on a poll call to the Apache Kafka cluster. This parameter can be overridden at the source level. |  `500` |

Reviewer: Active?
```suggestion
| Default Record Limit a| Number |  The maximum number of records returned on a poll call to the Apache Kafka cluster. You can override this parameter at the source level. |  `500` |
```

| DNS Lookups a| Enumeration, one of:

** DEFAULT
** USE_ALL_DNS_IPS
** RESOLVE_CANONICAL_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS_ONLY |  Controls how the client uses DNS lookups. If set to `use_all_dns_ips` then, when the lookup returns multiple IP addresses for a hostname, a connection is attempted to all of the IP addresses before the connection fails. Applies to both bootstrap and advertised servers. If the value is `resolve_canonical_bootstrap_servers_only` each entry is resolved and expanded into a list of canonical names. | `DEFAULT` |

> | Heartbeat Interval a| Number |  The expected time between heartbeats to the consumer coordinator when using Apache Kafka's group management facilities. Heartbeats are used to ensure that the consumer's session stays active and to facilitate rebalancing when new consumers join or leave the group. The value must be set lower than `session.timeout.ms`, but typically should be set no higher than 1/3 of that value. It can be adjusted even lower to control the expected time for normal rebalances. | `3` |

Reviewer: "the value must be lower...but typically no higher"
OR
"set the value to be lower than...but higher than..."
AND
"It can be even lower..." or "You can adjust it to be even lower..."

** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Determines the time unit for fetching the heartbeat interval time scalar. |  `SECONDS` |

> | Session Timeout a| Number |  The timeout used to detect consumer failures when using Apache Kafka's group management facility. The consumer sends periodic heartbeats to indicate its aliveness to the broker. If no heartbeats are received by the broker before the expiration of this session timeout, then the broker removes this consumer from the group and initiates a rebalance. The value must be in the allowable range as configured in the broker configuration by `group.min.session.timeout.ms` and `group.max.session.timeout.ms`. |  `10` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Session Timeout a| Number |  The timeout used to detect consumer failures when using Apache Kafka's group management facility. The consumer sends periodic heartbeats to confirm to the broker that it is still alive. If no heartbeats are received by the broker before the expiration of this session timeout, then the broker removes this consumer from the group and initiates a rebalance. The value must be in the allowable range as configured in the broker configuration by `group.min.session.timeout.ms` and `group.max.session.timeout.ms`. |  `10` |
```
